Docs: update links (#13531)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/sidebar-tutorial/plugin-sidebar-2-styles-and-controls.md

After the sidebar is up and running, the next step is to fill it up with the necessary components and basic styling.

> To visualize and edit the meta field value you'll use an input component. The `@wordpress/components` package contains many components available for you to reuse, and, specifically, the [TextControl](/docs/designers-developers/developers/components/text-control/) is aimed at creating an input field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize and edit the meta field value you'll use an input component. The `@wordpress/components` package contains many components available for you to reuse, and, specifically, the [TextControl](/packages/components/src/text-control/README.md) is aimed at creating an input field:
```
